 1. Look at your wife.
 2. Leave the room.
 3. Move right, pass the next two doors and enter the third one.
 4. Inside Eliza's room you'll find an alarm clock (open it and remove the battery), blanket, a microscope and a picture.
 5. On the right in the bathroom take the perfumes.
 6. The next door also conceals of three rooms (you will know you're inside the bedroom if you see some pieces of your lady).
 7. Open the cube, take the gel and a vibrator.
 8. Use the gel on the vibrator.
 9. Take a bottle of Jaś from the storage room, and a shirt from the bathroom.
10. In the next room in the corridor (living room) you'll find a spoon and Winston the robot, you can speak some pig latin with it.
11. Go to the first level.
12. In the corridor, you'll find a blaster which unfortunately does not work.
13. Enter the door, close to the blaster, take a book from the containers and the fish skeleton.
14. On the right side you will find some glue in a container.
15. Go to the third level.
16. Take the container and gloves from the laboratory.
17. In the medical facility open Medcom - there's Eliza's head inside.
18. Wrap it in your shirt and get back to the living quarters.
19. Go into the room with Eliza's corpse and use the rubber gloves on her.
20. In her stomach, you will find a strange ball. 
21. Get back on the first level.
22. Find a room with a trapdoor and use it.
23. You'll find yourself at the service level.
24. In the room at the top left you'll find a lighter, put a battery inside it.
25. In the room to the far left you will find a holographic crystal.
26. In the room in the south-west from where you started is the power socket.
27. Use the the vibrator on the power socket.
28. When you'll exit this room you will find a cable.
29. In the room on the far south-east you'll find golf trolley - take a club.
30. Go to the area that's being repaired (at the top), try to take the robot pincers and talk with him about it.
31. When it gets mad, use the golf club on the cables.
32. Take the pincers.
33. They help remove a computer card from Eliza's mouth.
34. Then use the pincers on a microscope.
35. Get back to the top.
36. In the room next to you open the smaler computer, and insert the card.
37. Go to the third level.
38. Use the holographic crystal on the holo-player -  it's a map of the first level along with a selected sub-station of the emergency door opening system (as you remember, one of the door are damaged).
39. Use the Analizator now.
40. Go to the first level and find the sub-station of the emergency door opening system.
41. Now use the glue on the teaspoon, and then use the pincers to rip the teeth.
42. Attach to the teeth with a teaspoon and constructed as a tool open a substation.
43. Use the sub-station and find the door with burned panels, which will be open now.
44. Take the heart, and amber.
45. On the left, insert the lens to the broken laser blade.
46. Use the ball on the laser blade.
47. Take a torch and a hammer (pretty hard to find as it's ONE pixel big, try the room next door).
48. Using a hammer break the ball.
49. Go to the third level and enter the room with some exhibits and a player.
50. Take one of the exhibits and brake it with a hammer.

WARNING! If something is wrong at this point, you will have to make some minor changes to the file xdatO and the current save file.
In the xdatO file under $44F2, change $153A to $11B6.
Under $4516, change $153A to $11B6, and from the number present at $8D7F subtract $384 (this is an official message from the authors of the game!).

51. Break the perfumes using a hammer.
52. Cut the blanket to strips with the sharp piece of glass you have now.
53. Use one of the strips on the exhibit, and you will get something like a small bomb.
54. Go to the next level, go to the room with palm trees holograms and using a lighter blow up the bomb.
55. The holograms will disappear and you will be able to place a crystal (from the ball) on the device on the left.
56. Cut the heart with a piece of glass - there is a card inside.
57. Get down to the service level, attach the cable to the ladder and go down.
58. At the door, use the card and go inside.
59. Look at the card and the alien's tentacle, go to Winston the robot and read the book there.
60. Return to the Alien, take a card, go to the reactor (you will open the door with the card) and take two fuel rods.
61. Return to the Alien with a bottle of whiskey and watch the end.